---
layout: post
title: 2.10 Released!
date: 2018-04-03
categories: release
---
# Changelog
This release comes with some breaking changes to better help maintain the current project. As we inch closer towards
v3's release it is imperative that we keep v2 as easy to maintain as possible, so it is likely future versions may have
equally breaking changes if they are necessary.

If you want to learn more on the progress on v3, be on the lookout for a blog post.

###\+ Additions
* Added `ActivityType`
* Added support for animated emojis
* Added retry for CloudFlare errors
* Added support for (some) Unicode in text channels

###\* Changes
* Reworked presence. This is a breaking change as it has removed and added various methods. The rework aims to better
manipulate your bot's presence and allow a lot more customization than previously allocated with far fewer methods.
* All instances of `LocalDateTime` has been converted to `Instance` to better represent the actual data that is being
manipulated and to mitigate various confusion on the usage of such methods. This is also a breaking change.
* Fixed ordering of `MessageHistory#getMessageHistory` when all the messages were in the cache.
* Fixed NPE if JARs did not have a Manifest for modules.
* Fixed NPE when automatically enabling modules.
* ReadyEvent wait time now scales linearly with guild count.
* Fixed numerous bugs related to reactions.
* Fixed NPEs and UOEs for MessageUpdateEvents
* Fixed NPEs on Reaction Add/Remove Events
* Fixed `IGuild#getOwner` occasionally returning `null`
* Increased concurrency for `DispatchHandler`
* Fixed NFEs when parsing certain channel IDs
* Changed `RequestBuffer.request(IVoiceRequest)` to be more fluent to use.

###\- Removed
Anything removed is related to previously mentioned changes.
